== README
Visit: http://www.myhwapp.com


This project was Dominic Smith and Parker Lewis' capstone project for Galvanize's six month full-stack program. The goal behind it was to create a platform that can take some of the work out of assigning homework and grading, and help teachers visualize student progress.  


The result was a platform for students and teachers to interact digitally online. Teachers author and assign homework through our app, or by posting electronic documents, either uploaded to our app or pulled down from Google Drive. Teachers can track and grade assignments, and maintain a classroom grade book for each student. On the teachers "Classroom Command Center", teachers can grade assignment submissions, see a visual representation of a students progress in class and with assignments, or create new assignments for the whole class. Teachers and students in each class can chat in real time. Teachers can post classroom announcements, and they can manage and share a class-room calendar through Google Calendars.

On the students side of the app, they can see all of their pending assignments, or go to a classroom page and see assignments just for that class. They can see their grade and points in a class, and communicate with the teacher or classmates in real-time. If the teacher chooses to publish a class calendar (through Google), students can also see events on the calendar.  

Technologies:
- Rails for back-end
- Angular for front-end
- Google OAuth for authentication and user data
- Twitter Bootstrap for reactivity
- Paperclip and Amazon s3 for file storage
- Google Drive API for sharing files
- Chart JS for data visualizations
- Firebase for real-time chat



Stretch Goals:
User invites to sign-up. Teachers can invite students to create their account.
Scheduled emails to students (and possibly parents), showing weekly or monthly points totals
Classroom photo album
Chat for only teachers or staff (only admin users of the same school)
SchoolLoop or Aeries API integration for gradebook exporting




* Ruby version: 4.2.3

* Database: PotsgreSQL



Please feel free to use a different markup language if you do not plan to run
<tt>rake doc:app</tt>.
